# Basic LTI Start

This repo can be forked to start a new basic LTI (Learning Tools Interoperability) app. Initially the launch endpoint does not validate the signature or use any data from the launch. This can be added as needed.

## Development

### Install dependencies

If you have just cloned this repo, you will need to install the dependencies before you can run the application. Likewise if another developer has added or changed the dependencies since you last installed you will need to run this again.

```bash
npm install
```

### Run the development server

Note: While running in this mode, changes to client code will automatically build new browser bundles, and changes to server will restart the server.

```bash
npm run dev
```


### Run tests

This will automatically re-run tests for files that you change as you are developing. This is nice to always have running as you work.

```bash
npm run test:watch
```

## Libraries Used

- **Express.js** - Backend web framework
- **React** - Front-end view library
- **instructure-ui** - Library of React components
- **Jest** - Testing framework
- **Webpack** - Front-end build tool

## Structure
- `client/` - front-end specific code goes here
  - `components` - contains react componenets
    - `__tests__/` - tests for components
    - `App.js` - application root component
  - `index.js` - the entrypoint for the client-side application
- `public/` - files that will get served up as is be the web server
  - `dist/` - the files generated by building `client/`
- `server/` - back-end specific code goes here
  - `handlers/` - functions that handle http requests
    - `__tests__` - http integration tests for handlers
  - `views/` - html (or xml) templates
  - `app.js` - sets up an express application
  - `index.js` - the entrypoint for the back-end application
  - `routes.js` - configure routing of http requests to handlers